---
layout: post
title: Analyzing a Toy Horse Conjoint Experiment
date: 2021-12-06 13:32:20 +0300
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
img: toy-horse.png # Add image post (optional)
fig-caption: # Add figcaption (optional)
tags: [Analytics Design, Application]
---
Performed conjoint analysis (including the cluster analysis and modified market simulation software) with teammates using R.
Analyzed raw data to evaluate market share profitability and provided executive summary, including key insights and recommendations.
Compared the market segmentation and competitor’s response for 5 combined scenarios; presented to the management team using PPT.

## Data Profiles
* Attribute: price, height, motion, and style. These 4 attribute will provide us 16 profiles we can work with and we will reference these profiles throughout our presentation. 
* The breakdown of the experimental sample is: 35% of children are 2 years old, and 75% of children are between 3 - 4 years old. 
* The gender for these children is split down the middle, 50% of girls, and 50% of boys.

## Insights
* We have taken many factors into consideration for our market analysis. 

* We have seen a distinct market segmentation in age groups. This is a very clear untapped market for EarlyRiders and we believe it is imperative this be taken advantage of with the introduction of your new product. 

* When simulating the market we have considered many factors: the combination of scenarios available, the possible competitor response, the projected margins, and the profitability in the short and long-run given projected market shares. These simulations have ensured we are taking many factors into consideration and considering multiple scenarios. 

* This analysis has led us to recommend the second scenario which was derived from our A Priori Segmentation. While economics play a big role in deciding the best scenario, we believe finding a scenario with a balanced asset & margin mix is equally as important. Supply chain considerations are often overlooked and we believe we have found a scenario which is both economically and operationally beneficial. 
